# Meta-Bank-Defi
Worlds first photorealistic Metaverse

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
From the perspective of the barter bargain ecosystem, traditional financial institutions were born. These financial entities were nothing more than the mooching leaches for the system. The
manipulation of policies, rules, laws, regulations was at their hands, and will play with them as they might. These centralized banks always have the upper hand in eyeing every transaction ever
made, and having to go through a singular point finally tipped the scally towards the birth of new ideas. Over time, it has been seen that the banking sector is growing at an
incredible rate. The implementation of stringent government laws and the employment of new modern technologies in their work are the reasons for their rapid expansion. A significant revolution
has occurred as a result of the usage of cutting-edge technology such as blockchain. “ Necessity is the mother of invention,” this anecdote perfectly fits here. Greatly adhering to the principles of
the whitepaper published by the pseudonym “ Satoshi Nakamoto,” Decentralization and Non-intervening intermediary, Blockchain pops out.

Blockchain is a digital ledger that is used to record all the transactions ever made regarding any asset on the network. The immutability of the transactional records and the decentralized
nature truly helped blockchain in mass adoption. The whole list of records is available in every node of the network to make it universally accessible and unhackable. Blockchain is clawing its
way in almost every phase of our lives but mostly dominating the financial terms AKA Decentralized Finance, DeFi. Meta Bank will be the world’s first decentralized 360-degree
solution bank leveraging the updated MBD Token (Previous TWB), on the Cardano blockchain while utilizing the benefits from TWB, a BEP-20 official token of Meta Bank, which aims to let people decide
the terms themselves. The goal of the project is to meet the needs of banks in countries around the world, especially immature ones, and to bring everyone into the digital age of banking in a truly
decentralized way. Meta Bank has the futuristic vision of blending the Augmented as well as Virtual reality using metaverse for a broader approach. 

INTRODUCTION
Since the conception of blockchain, decentralization, and removal of the in-betweeners has given an exponential boost to the adoption of new financial terms and how we do business. Meta Bank aims
to transform and elevate our financial system to a whole new level, eliminating the necessity for consumers to use traditional banking techniques. People’s funds will be in their own hands
with Meta Bank, rather than in the hands of large corporations and banks that emphasize profits over all else. Meta Bank will be utilizing the amazing prowess of Cardano blockchain technology
by maximizing its scalability to the utmost limit, which will help in breaking the barriers across the world. Meta Bank will be primarily targeted towards the underdeveloped
nations where conducting banking needs is still a tedious task by availing a precise and honest mechanism. The mass adoption of the Meta bank will also help in flipping the coin in developed nations
in favor of decentralized financial institutions than centralized banks. Harnessing the Cardano, Meta Bank will be able to handle traffic far more adequately than traditional banking systems. As the load
strengthens, digital footprints solidify. More the platform browsers, the higher liquidity will go, which will result in sky-high token value. Meta Bank is also going to fabricate a mixed reality metaverse
district regarding every aspect of the society ranging from virtual bank buildings to healthcare departments, apartments to buildings and to transfer the appropriate ownership, NFTs will be used. We
will open up this can further, later into this document. 

MISSION
Right of the bat, Meta Bank is formulating an advanced financial architecture with only one sole purpose, to give power back to the people by leveraging the decentralized structure of blockchain
without the hindrance of a middleman along with to completely change the current pattern of banking infrastructure used worldwide so that we can provide people with a friendlier, safer,
stronger, and more effective financial management method. 

VISION
Meta Bank has a crisp and clear futuristic vision to serve every person regardless of their geographical location and place, to serve who requires a truly modern, seamless, and innovative banking
solution. Meta Bank has a knack for providing security, peace of mind, and comfort in executing the transactions over DeFi. The visual modality behind Meta Bank is to implement decentralized
banking and to help users truly grasp the concepts of virtualization by introducing them to the metaverse and put the power in the hands of those who can determine their own terms financially.

PPROBLEMS PLAGUING FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS
Consumers facing financial crippling in the centralized area are the stepping stones for developing architectures. Some of these stepbacks are:

LACKLUSTER DEVELOPMENT
The financial sector has had problems since its inception. It is worth noting that some countries in the world do not have correctly implemented digital financial solutions at all. The aforementioned
issue is just the tip of the iceberg and has held this particular field back from expanding as much as it potentially could’ve over the years.

INHERENT FLAWS OF CENTRAL FINANCE
The hovering, ever seeing eye of the central banks to monitor the user’s every move from a person’s finances to fiscal habits along with a fear of executing predatory actions on the information held
by the organization is just too much sometimes, and Meta Bank is ending this fiasco now.

BUNDLED BY RED FLAGS
Licensing and authorization are the cumbersome factors that contribute to being a great deal in holding back the financial institutions in this technologically advanced era. Combing through
a lot of documents and carefully reading through is a tedious authorization process that engulfs a considerable amount of energy resulting in halting any revolutionary solution.

INACCESSIBILITY
The struggling life of a commoner bereaved them from squeezing out the very last drop of opportunity from the traditional central financial institutions. From the simple opening of a bank account
to maintaining online transactions. Even simple services like pay as-you-go are like a summit to conquer. Sometimes, they end up having their problems exacerbated even further due to the fact
that they don’t have access to any reliable banking channels.

UNFORTUNATE INSTANCES
In pursuing the highest possible profits and pleasing shareholders, these institutions ignore the fact that they should serve people and help them meet their financial needs. Abiding by the limited
resources and no particular alternatives, Users have to take what they get in order to gain access to digital financial services.

TTHE OPPORTUNITIES (SOLUTION)
Currently, the centralized banking system has placed sole authority over people’s personal finances and banking in the hands of largescale banks and financial entities. Meta Bank will deliberately put
the power back to their rightful owners.

OWNERSHIP
Meta Bank will not just minimize the control over the assets but completely revoke them by altogether removing go-betweens and transfer it back to their rightful owners. As a result, people will have
complete control over their finances and will be able to execute transactions according to their own conditions effortlessly.

OPEN WORLD
Accessibility is one of the prime factors Meta Bank is focussing on. For an average person, gaining access to a well-functioning digital finance system is simply too time-consuming. Meta Bank
completely overcomes this problem by giving users an easy-touse system that allows them to go about their daily lives and make 
any transactions they require.

SECURITY
There’s no denying that many traditional banks and financial organisations rely on borderline outdated security measures to keep sensitive information out of the hands of hackers. The
decentralized system of Meta Bank is far more secure thanks to the inherent benefits of blockchain. Meta Bank will not only make banking more accessible and pleasant but also more secure on
every single step.

CUTTING THROUGH RED TAPES
Meta Bank will be implementing the crypto-based solutions to see through all the red areas and focus on what’s important instead of concerning themselves with licensing and authorization entities.

FLEXIBILITY
Thanks to a DeFi solution like Meta Bank, Platform users will be able to set their own terms without having to deal with the terms set by the bank or any financial institution they used before, promoting “
Friendly Banking.”

MMARKET ANALYSIS FOR BLOCKCHAIN BANKS
According to a recent survey, about 40% of Americans had not visited a financial institution or a bank in several months. The following are some noteworthy facts concerning blockchain in the
banking industry: According to crypto experts, global spending on blockchain solutions is likely to reach $15.9 billion by 2023. To stay competitive, nearly 90% of US and European banks
are using blockchain banking software. The majority of financial institutions and enterprises have invested in blockchain-based banking solutions worth more than $500 million.
In the next four years, 66 percent of banks, according to IBM, want to adopt blockchain in commercial production and scale. By 2029, the global blockchain in the banking sector is expected to be worth
$4112.5 million, with an annual growth rate of 18.4%.

TMETA BANK ECOSYSTEM
Meta Bank will be delivering the best-in-class technological enhancements regarding financial establishment and services leveraging the Cardano blockchain to implement the
decentralization truly.

FLEXIBILITY
Technology and implementation of Meta Bank will be of top-notch following the ever-growing profit margins adhering to the following features.

TRUE DeFi
Meta Bank will be the world’s first Decentralized 360 Solution Bank. It has been designed to allow users to dictate and design their own terms for themselves to implement true transparency regarding
transactions.

DECENTRALIZED
This is a bank for the people, by the people, and rather than focusing on a certain area or audience, Meta Bank was created with a worldwide reach in mind. The purpose of this project is to
meet the banking needs of all countries throughout the world, particularly those that are developing, and to bring everyone into the digital era in a fully decentralized manner.

FREE WILL
When it comes to transactions of any kind, Meta Bank actually allows customers to choose their own conditions. This platform will enable people to control every aspect of financial transactions
they conduct, and they will be able to do so with the confidence that no third party will impose any unforeseen terms on these transactions.

CARDANO BLOCKCHAIN
Meta Bank was founded on a novel idea while based on the updated MBD token (previous TWB) on the Cardano blockchain, which has a number of inherent features that set it apart and make it a far
preferable alternative.

SCALABILITY
Cardano is built to be significantly more scalable than any other, which is why a genuine global enterprise like Meta Bank is one of the fittest applications for the Cardano blockchain’s breakthrough
capability. Simply put, the Cardano blockchain will allow Meta bank to reach global penetration. It needs to have a really transformative impact on the state of the global digital financial
system and elevate it to a whole new level.

SMOOTH TRAFFIC LOAD
The advantage of Meta Bank over traditional banking systems is that it will be able to handle loads significantly more efficiently. Because this is a decentralized system built on Cardano, it has
a lot of scaling potential as transaction volume grows over time, which makes a platform like this one stand out from what standard digital banking systems have to offer at the moment.

TWB / MBD TOKEN
Meta Bank will be leveling the playing field by launching their own TW Bank BEP-20 token abbreviated as “TWB,” engaging crosschain compatibility. The upcoming updated token on the Cardano
Blockchain is abbreviated as ‘‘MBD’’.

STAKING
In the various stages of development, platform users can stake their TWB/MBD tokens on decentralized finance and lock them in smart contracts. Users will then benefit from the percentage of
coins staked with created incentives.

YIELD FARMING
Investors are compensated in reward coins for staking their TWB/MBD token in a staking pool/farm, which they can then stake further for additional reward coins, following a yield farming cycle
that will churn out exponential profit at the conclusion of each process.

CROSS-CHAIN
Cross-chain ability for Meta Bank BEP token will allow it to be used on other chain platforms as well incentivizing and benefitting the users in every which way possible.

LOCK-IN
TWB/MBD is provided with the flexible option of Staking Contracts with different time lengths suitable for every platformer. Based on the time duration of Lock-in periods, Rewards will be generated.
Greater the time length, Greater will be the reward.

META BANK FUTURISTIC SCOPE GLOBAL PENETRATION
A platform like Meta Bank would be especially useful in countries throughout the world where doing banking online is still a timeconsuming chore, despite the fact that it should be a simple and
quick process that anybody can complete. Growing countries have a wide range of banking needs that are simply not being satisfied by their digital finance industries’ slow progress. By
providing individuals with simple and dependable digital banking procedures, Meta Bank would be able to change digital finance in these countries quickly. This is something that will eventually aid in
the spread of digital finance solutions, penetrating it globally.

MASS ADOPTION
This platform paves the way for mass adoption by bringing cryptocurrency-based solutions to less-developed regions, allowing millions upon millions of people to easily gain access
to a crypto-based digital banking solution that is far superior to what they could get from a run-of-the-mill implementation of the current centralized banking-based model.

META-VERSE METROPOLITAN DISTRICT
The Unique Selling Point of Meta Bank is to squeeze out all the possibilities and opportunities blockchain has to offer by jumping onto the technology train of the meta-verse. Meta-verse is a
virtual universe running on the blockchain with all the possibilities a real-world can offer. Meta Bank is going to introduce all of its users to this mixed reality
ecosystem. They have elaborately planned the deployment of the
Meta Bank district which will have:
Bank building
Insurance
Healthcare
Real estate
Apartments for sale/rent
Commercial buildings for rent
Gaming

Renting will follow the sophisticated process of regulating smart contracts which will bide the buyers and sellers into an immutable law. All of the procedures referring to renting, selling, and buying
will be in the form of NFT. The authenticity and proof of ownership will instill a sense of trust. If we must contemplate the opportunities following this drastic
makeover, they will be but are not limited to: First of all, the meta-verse is the new moon attracting a lot of consumers. The more the users or platform roamers,
the higher will be the digital footprint, and hence higher will go the token value. The virtual bank can give a new face to how banking must be carried out without even leaving the home.
Real Estate can be a major selling point to potential customers as realtors can sell, buy, rent, lease the space using the massive trust on smart contracts acting as a
leasing document or ownership transfer or official signingoff paper, all the transactions will be transparent with logging every trade into the blockchain.
The rent from these buildings or apartments will create a steady lifetime stream of revenue generation, hyping up the Meta Bank in the decentralized world.
Trade regarding NFTs will be carried out in the same manner as it is operated in the real world.

USE-CASE OF META BANK
This section will define the opportunities and advantages Meta Bank consumers are showered with but are not limited to. 

FINANCIAL SETTLEMENTS
Meta Bank using a decentralized ledger technology can assist banks in monitoring and settling transactions. As a result, banks will no longer need to rely on custodial and regulatory intermediaries.
The validators can handle monetary settlements.

LOAN
Without intervening in the complicated process of loan approvals involving Lender, Borrowers, and Guarantors, Smart contractenabled blockchain can be embedded with important information
like The reason for the loan, Monthly earnings, Repayment rate, etc. and funds can be released after the verification of identification.

BOOKKEEPING
Bookkeeping is referred to as the records of funds transferred from any account to others, and Blockchain is known for keeping the logs in a digital format in the network nodes. The unhackable and
immutable nature of the blockchain is a perfect environment for storing financial transactions.

TRADE FINANCE
All financial activities related to international trade and commerce are referred to as trade finance. Paperwork such as letters of credit and invoices are carried out online by management systems;
however, they take a long time. As a result, Meta Bank based on blockchain technology can streamline the process by reducing paperwork, time as well as regulations.

META BANK BUSINESS BENEFITS
Consumers will be bombarded with the following pensions and privileges for harnessing Meta Bank.
BENEFIT
DEALINGS
SETTELMENT TIME
HIGH LOW
DOCUMENTATION
GUARANTOR
TRANSACTIONS
COST
APTNESS FOR FRAUD
MODE OF
CONFIRMATION
REQUIRED AS AN
INTERMEDIARY
HIGH
HIGH
MANUAL / IN - PERSON
NOT REQUIRED
LOW
CLOSE TO NILL DUE
TO BLOCKCHAIN
AUTOMATIC VIA
INVOLVEMENT OF SMART
CONTRACTS
LARGE NO. OFDOCUMENTS
TO MEET THE ELIGIBILITY
CRITERIA
ONLY ONE TO MANAGE
AND RECTIFY
CENTRAL FINANCIAL BANK META BANK

TECHNICAL STACK

BLOCKCHAIN
Blockchain is a digital ledger that inherits the transaction list regarding any asset running on a decentralized network. The following are some of the benefits of blockchain as a method for
creating diverse databases. Decentralization: There isn’t the main storage server to speak of. Each system member is responsible for keeping all records.
Complete and total transparency: All transactions that took place in the system can be tracked by any participant. 

Confidentiality: All information is stored in an encrypted format. If the user does not know the wallet number, he can trace all transactions but cannot identify the recipient
or sender of the information.

Reliability: To legally update data, a unique one-of-a-kind code must be generated and confirmed by the system. 

Compromise: Other participants verify the data that is entered into the system.

CARDANO BLOCKCHAIN
Cardano is the first blockchain platform to be developed through peer-reviewed research, ensuring that it is secure enough to protect billions of people’s data, scalable sufficient to enable
global networks, and resilient enough to sustain structural change. with the implementation of Proof-of-Stake and Ouroboros along with evidence-based development, Cardano is highly secure with
scalability at par. Cardano is for changemakers, innovators, and visionaries, providing them with the tools and technology they need to make the impossible possible for the many and to effect positive global
change.

BLOCKCHAIN BANKS
These are referred to as the financial institutions on the decentralized blockchain architecture to tackle certain financial aspects like :
High payment Costs
Time Consumptions
Consistent Supervision
These financial firms utilize the blockchain’ immutability and
unhackability to their advantage and perform day-to-day
transactional processes like:
Lending
Trading
Fiat Transactions
Clearance
Bookkeeping
Accounting.

BINANCE SMART CHAIN
In September 2020, Binance Smart Chain was created, allowing developers to create their own decentralized applications (dapps) utilizing smart contracts. Although Binance’s native chain is
unable to provide such functionality, the Binance Smart Chain was designed to conduct similar types of fast transactions while also taking into account the enhancement of features and capacities.
It also works with the Ethereum Virtual Machine and can run Dapps that have been ported over from Ethereum. Binance’s features:
Minimal transaction fees, as little as one cent
Increased performance thanks to 3 second block time.
DeFi technologies that work across chains to
increase interoperability
Binance ecosystem is extremely helpful, funding and
developing in DeFi projects.
Transactional speed of 35 per second.

PHOTOREALISTIC META-VERSE
The catchphrase “metaverse” is a combination of “meta,” which means “beyond,” and “universe,” which is the space around us. It is a shared virtual space where people can buy and sell land,
buildings, and even real estate, using cryptocurrency. People can commute with their friends, buy goods and services, and even attend events. The metaverse covers a wide range of virtual assets, including
everything from office apparel to gaming zones including avatars, battle items. Many of these platforms are based on blockchain technology and use non-fungible tokens (NFTs) and cryptocurrency
to execute trading, allowing for the creation, ownership, and monetization.

FUND ALLOCATION
RROADMAP
Phase 1.
Market Research.
Technical & Blockchain Feasibility.
Roadmap.
Whitepaper.
Phase 2.
Prepare project teams.
Research and development BEP-20 TWB token.
Private Sale.
Public Fundraising.
Partnerships & integrations research.
Token Listing Submissions.
Phase 3.
Research and Market analysis.
Updated MBD token on the Cardano Blockchain.
Development of Meta Bank, Prototype Beta Launch,
Deployment of Meta Bank app.
Listing on Major Exchanges.
Phase 4.
User Growth.
Complete launch of Meta Bank protocols.
Phase 5.
Research and market analysis regarding Metaverse.
Team Development.
Development of Meta Bank fi nancial district.
Beta-testing.
Official Release.
TEAM
MAY
President
PRESIDENT OF META BANK.
FREDRIK
Founder and CEO
FOUNDER & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF
META BANK.
CCONTACT
PHONE :
+1 214 537 4570
EMAIL :
MAY@TECHWAZE.COM
ADDRESS :
68 CIRCULAR ROAD #2-01 SINGAPORE 049422.
